README.md, before:

# aipm
A basic package manager written to install/remove AppImages to be launched from the command line.

## Installation

###### NOTE: This tool is incomplete, and may face stability issues

1. Clone repo, extract zip
2. `cd` into the root of the repo.
3. Run `sh ./install.sh`
   - Note that if aipm is installed already, running this will add duplicate source entries to your `.bashrc` and `.zshrc` files, and attempt to reinitialize your `.aipm_aliases.sh` file.

## Updating

1. Clone new version repo
2. cd into the root of the new repo.
3. Run `sh ./update.sh`
   - Note that this script will mess up if aipm isn't already installed

## Uninstallation

1. Repeat similar steps to installation, except run `sh ./uninstall.sh`
2. Remove `source ~/.aipm_aliases.sh` from both your .zshrc and bashrc files
3. Find the AppImages that were installed in `~/Documents/AIPM_Images`

## How it works

The manager works based primarily upon aliases (which means it requires these to be existent on the shell that it is installed on), where it will install by moving AppImages into its own bin folder (`~/.local/aipm/bin`), then creating an alias in a shell file (`~/.aipm_aliases.sh`). The installation process currently sources this file in both the current user's `.zshrc` and `.bashrc` files, but won't be removed with the uninstallation script, so these lines must be removed manually in this case.

Commit message:

Changed implementation to use the PATH instead of aliases; should improve stability of program.

README.md, after:

# aipm
A basic package manager written to install/remove AppImages to be launched from the command line.

## Installation

###### NOTE: This tool is incomplete, and may face stability issues

In order to build this program, the following is required to be installed:

- make
- gcc
- sudo (for you Arch users)

1. Clone repo, extract zip
2. `cd` into the root of the repo.
3. Run `sh ./install.sh`
   - Note that if aipm is installed already, running this will add duplicate source entries to your `.bashrc` and `.zshrc` files, and attempt to reinitialize your `.aipm_aliases.sh` file.

## Updating

1. Clone new version repo
2. cd into the root of the new repo.
3. Run `sh ./update.sh`
   - Note that this script will mess up if aipm isn't already installed

## Uninstallation

1. Repeat similar steps to installation, except run `sh ./uninstall.sh`
2. Find the AppImages that were installed in `~/Documents/AIPM_Images`

## How it works

The manager creates a folder that is added to the path as ~/.local/aipm/bin, where each app image will be moved to. From here (due to it being a part of PATH) these AppImages can be executed as any other executable.
